README.md, before:

# 1.12 Packdev Compendium

**Ultimate mods, tools Compendium for modpack development on 1.12.2.**

1.12 Packdev Compendium aims to help **learn something new** about modpack development for both beginners and advanced and help developers in **generating creative ideas** for their modpacks. 

This Compendium tries to bring together **almost EVERYTHING** known about pack development so if something is missing, your Pull Request or suggestion in Issues can fix it.
### [WHY 1.12.2 IS STILL IN USE?](https://github.com/NoMoreUsernames999/NoMoreUsernames999/blob/main/Minecraft/why-1.12.md)

----
# Compendium Structure

Compendium structure of all lists is rather unusual. It's partly based on the 6 Game Design Branches.<br>You can read about what Game Design is and about 6 Game Design Branches in detail here:<br>**[What Game Design is and 6 Game Design Branches](game_design.md)**

I think, such Compendium structure predisposes the modpack developer to look at making modpacks not just as some **bunch of configured mods** based on Minecraft, but rather at least partially as a **game** based on it.

**[Gameplay/System Design](lists/gameplay_system_design.md)**<br>

**[World/Level Design](lists/world_level_design.md)**<br>

**[Graphics and UI/UX](lists/graphics_and_uiux.md)**<br>

**[Narrative Design](lists/narrative_design.md)**<br>

**[Sound Design](lists/sound_design.md)**<br>

**[Useful Utilities](lists/useful_utilities.md)**<br>

**[Optimization](lists/optimization.md)**<br>

**[Other Topics](other_topics.md)**<br>

----

**[Overall Article Database](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ND60ypSievrXBU7xgO4qfW8BQeHA1PIE9-KXeOnBIKw/edit#gid=0)**<br>Articles written by people related different modpack development topics.

----
# Based Communities

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **[1.12 Modding Coallition](https://youtu.be/gQgMepiOH7o)** | This is a community of modders, modpack developers, and players who play in 1.12.2.  This server is meant to motivate modders and modpack devs to continue their work and know that there will always be a playerbase in 1.12 to play their labors of love. |
| **[CleanroomMC](https://cleanroommc.com/)** | Team of modders that provide a set of mods, coremods, APIs, and guides to incubate the creation of Minecraft mods/modpacks on 1.12.2. <br>Cleanroom's plan is to create a better [loader](https://github.com/CleanroomMC/Cleanroom) based on Forge 1.12.2 with backward-compatbility. | 
| **[Pansmith](https://www.youtube.com/@ThePansmith/videos)** | Guy that makes videos about new 1.12.2 mods every month and some other content. | 
| **[Modded Minecraft Reviews](https://mmcreviews.com/category/all/?_categories=modpacks&_mc_version=1-12&_sort_=_of_reviews)** | The ultimate destination for community-driven reviews of mods and modpacks. | 

----
# After Words

Made by **TeamGC** for [1.12 Modding Coalition](https://youtu.be/gQgMepiOH7o) and other 1.12 guys. 

Special thanks to **Tempest** and **Bluefire** for helping with making this list by providing additional information about mods.

[How This List was Made](how_this_list_was_made.md)

----

[Scroll Back](#112-Packdev-Compendium)

![](images/teamgc.png)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

README.md, after:

# 1.12 Packdev Compendium

**Ultimate mods, tools Compendium for modpack development on 1.12.2.**

1.12 Packdev Compendium aims to help people **learn something new** about modpack development for both beginners and advanced users, and help developers in **generating creative ideas** for their modpacks. 

This Compendium tries to bring together **almost EVERYTHING** known about pack development. So if something is missing, your Pull Request or suggestion in Issues can help fix it.
### [WHY 1.12.2 IS STILL IN USE?](https://github.com/NoMoreUsernames999/NoMoreUsernames999/blob/main/Minecraft/why-1.12.md)

----
# Compendium Structure

The Compendium's structure list is rather unusual. It's partly based on the 6 Game Design Branches.<br>You can read about what Game Design is and about 6 Game Design Branches in detail here:<br>**[What Game Design is and 6 Game Design Branches](game_design.md)**

I think with this structure, the Compendium helps modpack developers approach pack dev differently; not as just some **bunch of configured mods** based on Minecraft, but rather at least partially as a **game** based on it.

**[Gameplay/System Design](lists/gameplay_system_design.md)**<br>

**[World/Level Design](lists/world_level_design.md)**<br>

**[Graphics and UI/UX](lists/graphics_and_uiux.md)**<br>

**[Narrative Design](lists/narrative_design.md)**<br>

**[Sound Design](lists/sound_design.md)**<br>

**[Useful Utilities](lists/useful_utilities.md)**<br>

**[Optimization](lists/optimization.md)**<br>

**[Other Topics](other_topics.md)**<br>

----

**[Overall Article Database](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ND60ypSievrXBU7xgO4qfW8BQeHA1PIE9-KXeOnBIKw/edit#gid=0)**<br>Articles written by various people related to different modpack development topics.

----
# Based Communities

| Name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **[1.12 Modding Coallition](https://youtu.be/gQgMepiOH7o)** | This is a community of modders, modpack developers, and players who play in 1.12.2.  This server is meant to motivate modders and modpack devs to continue their work and know that there will always be a playerbase in 1.12 to play their labors of love. |
| **[CleanroomMC](https://cleanroommc.com/)** | Team of modders that provide a set of mods, coremods, APIs, and guides to help with the creation of Minecraft mods/modpacks on 1.12.2. <br>Cleanroom's plan is to create a better [loader](https://github.com/CleanroomMC/Cleanroom) based on Forge 1.12.2 with backward-compatibility. | 
| **[Pansmith](https://www.youtube.com/@ThePansmith/videos)** | Guy that makes videos about new 1.12.2 mods every month, and other modded news. | 
| **[Modded Minecraft Reviews](https://mmcreviews.com/category/all/?_categories=modpacks&_mc_version=1-12&_sort_=_of_reviews)** | The ultimate destination for community-driven reviews of mods and modpacks. | 

----
# After Words

Made by **TeamGC** for [1.12 Modding Coalition](https://youtu.be/gQgMepiOH7o) and other 1.12 guys. 

Special thanks to **Tempest** and **Bluefire** for helping with making this list by providing additional information about mods.

[How This List was Made](how_this_list_was_made.md)

----

[Return To Title](#112-Packdev-Compendium)

![](images/teamgc.png)
