lists/gameplay_system_design/packdev_friendly_mods.md, before:

[Return to Gameplay/System Design](../gameplay_system_design.md#Gameplay/System-Design)

----
## Packdev-Friendly Mods

Mods that add something to the game by default and in which almost every thing is configurable.

| Name                                                                                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Advanced Lootable Weapons**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/advanced-lootable-weapons)         | Advanced Lootable Weapons is a weapons mod made with two ideas in mind: That you should be able to play either lightly modded or heavily modded and get the same experience, so ALW is highly customizable using the config! |
| **BattleCorrection**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/battlecorrection)                           | Numerous new customizations and attributes have been added for better balance in combat and greater freedom in RPG crafting                                                                                                  |
| **Champions - RotN Edition**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/champions-rotn-edition)             | Creates elite mobs of different rarities, with enhanced stats and extra abilities                                                                                                                                            |
| **IguanaTweaks Reborn**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iguanatweaks-reborn)                         | Make survival harder without adding anything. Adds weight system, possibility to change block hardness and etc. Fully configurable                                                                                           |
| **Mystic Bows**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystic-bows)                                     | Highly configurable, Vanilla-friendly Bow variants for 1.12.2                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Mystic Staffs**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystic-staffs)                                 | Mystical Staffs adds 10 vanilla-friendly Staffs, useful for modpack devs.                                                                                                                                                    |
| **SimpleDifficulty for Underdog**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simpledifficulty-for-underdog) | Temperature and Thirst mod based on Tough as Nails                                                                                                                                                                           |

----
[Scroll Back](#Packdev-Friendly-Mods)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

lists/gameplay_system_design/packdev_friendly_mods.md, after:

[Return to Gameplay/System Design](../gameplay_system_design.md#Gameplay/System-Design)

----
## Packdev-Friendly Mods

Mods that add something to the game by default, where almost everything is configurable.

| Name                                                                                                                                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Advanced Lootable Weapons**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/advanced-lootable-weapons)         | Advanced Lootable Weapons is a weapons mod made with two ideas in mind: That you should be able to play either lightly modded or heavily modded and get the same experience, so ALW is highly customizable using the config! |
| **BattleCorrection**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/battlecorrection)                           | Numerous new customizations and attributes have been added for better balance in combat and greater freedom in RPG crafting                                                                                                  |
| **Champions - RotN Edition**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/champions-rotn-edition)             | Creates elite mobs of different rarities, with enhanced stats and extra abilities                                                                                                                                            |
| **IguanaTweaks Reborn**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iguanatweaks-reborn)                         | Make survival harder without adding anything. Adds weight system, possibility to change block hardness, etc. Fully configurable                                                                                           |
| **Mystic Bows**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystic-bows)                                     | Highly configurable, Vanilla-friendly Bow variants for 1.12.2                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Mystic Staffs**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mystic-staffs)                                 | Mystical Staffs adds 10 vanilla-friendly Staffs, useful for modpack devs.                                                                                                                                                    |
| **SimpleDifficulty for Underdog**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simpledifficulty-for-underdog) | Temperature and Thirst mod based on Tough as Nails 
| **SurvivalInc**[![](/images/curesforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/survival-inc)                                    | A temperature, thirst, sanity, and season mod all bundled into one, with many customization options                                                                                                                                                                         |

----
[Return To Title](#Packdev-Friendly-Mods)
