lists/narrative_design/storytelling_mods.md, before:

[Return to Narrative Design](../narrative_design.md#Narrative-Design)

----
## Storytelling Mods

List of mods to make a story for your modpack.

| Name                                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Custom NPCs**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/custom-npcs)          | Create your own npcs and liven up your world or create your own adventure. Includes quests, a dialog system and a ton of items and blocks |
| **Json Paintings**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/json-paintings)    | Add paintings ingame via json.                                                                   |
| **Lore Expansion**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lore-expansion)    | It's sole purpose is to allow modpack authors and mapmakers the ability to expand the narrative behind the lore.                          |
| **Lost Books**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lost-books)            | This mod adds a chance for monsters to drop randomly books out of a set of books that anyone can create with ease!                        |
| **Music Triggers**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/music-triggers) | This mod will let you to make custom music discs. In theory, it can be used as audio diaries                                              |

----
[Scroll Back](#Storytelling-Mods)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

lists/narrative_design/storytelling_mods.md, after:

[Return to Narrative Design](../narrative_design.md#Narrative-Design)

----
## Storytelling Mods

List of mods to make a story for your modpack.

| Name                                                                                                            | Description                                                                                                                               |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Custom NPCs**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/custom-npcs)          | Create your own npcs and liven up your world or create your own adventure. Includes quests, a dialog system, and a ton of items and blocks |
| **Json Paintings**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/json-paintings)    | Add paintings ingame via json.                                                                   |
| **Lore Expansion**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lore-expansion)    | Allows modpack authors and mapmakers the ability to expand the modpack's narrative via collectible lore pages                             |
| **Lost Books**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lost-books)            | This mod adds a chance for monsters to drop books randomly out of a set of books that anyone can create with ease!                        |
| **Music Triggers**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/music-triggers) | This mod will let you set up a custom soundtrack for your pack and make custom music discs, which could even be used as audio diaries     |

----
[Return To Title](#Storytelling-Mods)
