lists/graphics_and_uiux/graphic_mods.md, before:

[Return to Graphics and UI/UX](../graphics_and_uiux.md#Graphics-and-UI/UX)

----
## Graphics Mods

Graphic Mods to tweak game visuals.

| Name                                                                                                                               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Colored Lux**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/colored-lux)                             | Colored Lux implements a colored lighting engine                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Dynamic Surroundings**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-surroundings)           | You all know that mod. But i also want to show you this: [DS Tutorials](https://github.com/OreCruncher/DynamicSurroundings/tree/93040490bef8591a99c25aa154098a97ab271edd/rtd/source/tutorials "DS Tutorials"). It allows to configurate some things in DS. You can even make different fog density per every biome if you want. |
| **Flat Entities**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flat-entities)                         | Makes entities render in 2D, just like in the good old days of games                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Fogger**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fogger)                                       | This mod will give you the ability to change where the fog starts and where it ends. This setting can be changed for every biome and corresponding world's y-level.                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Ground Item Highlighting**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ground-item-highlighting)   | Highlights ground items, so you can spot them easier.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Mine 3D**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mine-3d)                                     | Backport of the Overlay from April Fools                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| **RPG Hud**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rpg-hud)                                     | This mod will change your HUD and add a few new features to it!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Shoulder Surfing Reloaded**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/shoulder-surfing-reloaded) | Revamped over-the-shoulder F5 third-person camera view                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **Smooth Entity Light**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/smooth-entity-light)                 | This mod improves minecraft lighting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **World Tooltips**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/world-tooltips)                       | Adds customizable tooltips for in-world items on mouse-over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

----
[Scroll Back](#Graphics-Mods)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

lists/graphics_and_uiux/graphic_mods.md, after:

[Return to Graphics and UI/UX](../graphics_and_uiux.md#Graphics-and-UI/UX)

----
## Graphics Mods

Graphic Mods to tweak game visuals.

| Name                                                                                                                               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Colored Lux**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/colored-lux)                             | Colored Lux implements a colored lighting engine, allowing you to add dynamic coloured lights to entities and blocks.                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Dynamic Surroundings**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-surroundings)           | You all know this mod. But I also want to show you this: [DS Tutorials](https://github.com/OreCruncher/DynamicSurroundings/tree/93040490bef8591a99c25aa154098a97ab271edd/rtd/source/tutorials "DS Tutorials"). It allows you to configure a lot of things in DS. You can even make different fog densities per biome if you want. |
| **Flat Entities**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flat-entities)                         | Makes entities render in 2D, just like in the good old days of games                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| **Fogger**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fogger)                                       | This mod will give you the ability to change where the fog starts and where it ends. This setting can be changed for every biome and corresponding world's y-level.                                                                                                                                                             |
| **Ground Item Highlighting**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ground-item-highlighting)   | Highlights ground items, so you can spot them easier.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Mine 3D**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mine-3d)                                     | Backport of the Overlay from April Fools                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| **RPG Hud**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rpg-hud)                                     | This mod will change your HUD to have a more RPG feel, and allows choosing from several presets                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Shoulder Surfing Reloaded**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/shoulder-surfing-reloaded) | Revamped over-the-shoulder third-person camera view                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **Smooth Entity Light**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/smooth-entity-light)                 | This mod improves Minecraft lighting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **World Tooltips**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/world-tooltips)                       | Adds customizable tooltips for in-world items on mouse-over                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

----
[Return To Title](#Graphics-Mods)
