lists/world_level_design/level_design_mods.md, before:

[Return to World/Level Design](../world_level_design.md#World/Level-Design)

----
## Level Design Mods

Сustom structure generation mods and mods that help you to level design your structures better.<br>Also recommend to check [Helpful Mods](../useful_utilities/helpful_mods.md). Some can help you with making structures.

| Name                                                                                                                                 | Description                                                                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Fragile Glass and Thin Ice**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fragile-glass-and-thin-ice) |                                                                                                                                                      |
| **Gravity Zones**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravity-zones)                           | A simple mod that allows server owners to set Gravity in specific zones                                                                              |
| **Gravity control mod**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravity-control-mod)               | Use this mod to modify the player gravity                                                                                                            |
| **Inventory Safe Zone**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-safe-zone)               | This is a simple mod that is server side only which is command driven to create safe zones in your world                                             |
| **Structural Relocation**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structural-relocation)           | A mod to teleport blocks to another location                                                                                                         |
| **Structure Mover**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structure-mover-1-12-2)                | This mod will allow you to move simple structures within Minecraft 1.12.2 from one coordinate to another with a smooth transition by using a command |
| **Up And Down And Everything**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/up-and-down-and-everything) | Change your gravity to up, down and all other direction                                                                                              |

----
[Scroll Back](#Level-Design-Mods)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

lists/world_level_design/level_design_mods.md, after:

[Return to World/Level Design](../world_level_design.md#World/Level-Design)

----
## Level Design Mods

Сustom structure generation mods and mods that help you to design your structures better.<br>Also recommend you check out [Helpful Mods](../useful_utilities/helpful_mods.md). Some can help you with making structures.

| Name                                                                                                                                 | Description                                                                                                                                          |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Fragile Glass and Thin Ice**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fragile-glass-and-thin-ice) | A mod that allows specifying blocks that either break or drop when an entity touches them (e.g ice or glass breaking when stood on).                 |
| **Gravity Zones**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravity-zones)                           | A simple mod that allows server owners to set Gravity in specific zones                                                                              |
| **Gravity control mod**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravity-control-mod)               | Use this mod to modify the player's gravity                                                                                                          |
| **Inventory Safe Zone**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-safe-zone)               | This is a simple mod that is server side only which is command driven to create safe zones in your world from inventory loss on death                |
| **Structural Relocation**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structural-relocation)           | A mod to teleport blocks to another location                                                                                                         |
| **Structure Mover**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structure-mover-1-12-2)                | This mod will allow you to move simple structures from one coordinate to another with a smooth transition by using a command                         |
| **Up And Down And Everything**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/up-and-down-and-everything) | Change your gravity to up, down, and all other directions                                                                                            |

----
[Return To Title](#Level-Design-Mods)
