lists/world_level_design/unusual_generation_mods.md, before:

[Return to World/Level Design](../world_level_design.md#World/Level-Design)

----
## Unusual Generation Mods

Mods that unusual to use.

| Name                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Description                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Chunk Survival Generator**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/chunk-survival-generator)                                                                     | Chunk Survival Generator adds a single world generation type that is empty except rare chunks generation                                                   |
| **Hex Lands**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/hex-lands)                                                                                                   | This mod changed standard world generation into a hex based tiles, similar to a board game                                                                 |
| **Noodle**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/noodle)                                                                                                         | This mod adds a new world type that generates nothing in the world, except inverse caves; tubes of stone or netherrack that have ores and minerals in them |
| **Steve's Wasteland**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/steves-wasteland)                                                                                    | Mod that adds wasteland generation                                                                                                                         |
| **The Backrooms Ultimate Edition**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-backrooms-ultimate-edition)                                                         | Backrooms generation mod                                                                                                                                   |
| **Wasteland Reborn**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/wasteland-reborn)                                                                                     | Another wasteland mod                                                                                                                                      |
| **[Lost Cities - Survive the Dead Edition](unusual_generation_mods/lost_cities.md)**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lost-cities-survive-the-dead-edition) | Lost Cities add postapocalyptic city generation to overworld                                                                                               |

----
[Scroll Back](#Unusual-Generation-Mods)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

lists/world_level_design/unusual_generation_mods.md, after:

[Return to World/Level Design](../world_level_design.md#World/Level-Design)

----
## Unusual Generation Mods

Mods with unusual uses.

| Name                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Description                                                                                                                                                |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Chunk Survival Generator**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/chunk-survival-generator)                                                                     | Chunk Survival Generator adds a single world generation type that is empty except for ocassional chunk generation                                          |
| **Hex Lands**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/hex-lands)                                                                                                   | This mod changes standard world generation into hex based tiles, similar to a board game                                                                   |
| **Noodle**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/noodle)                                                                                                         | This mod adds a new world type that generates nothing in the world, except inverse caves; tubes of stone or netherrack that have ores and minerals in them |
| **Steve's Wasteland**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/steves-wasteland)                                                                                    | Mod that adds wasteland generation                                                                                                                         |
| **The Backrooms Ultimate Edition**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-backrooms-ultimate-edition)                                                         | Backrooms generation mod                                                                                                                                   |
| **Wasteland Reborn**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/wasteland-reborn)                                                                                     | Another wasteland mod                                                                                                                                      |
| **[Lost Cities - Survive the Dead Edition](unusual_generation_mods/lost_cities.md)**<br>[<img src=/images/curseforge.png height=18>](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lost-cities-survive-the-dead-edition) | Lost Cities add post-apocalyptic city generation to the overworld, and allows adding your own buildings through json templates                             |

----
[Return To Title](#Unusual-Generation-Mods)
