lists/sound_design/sound_design_mods.md, before:

[Return to Sound Design](../sound_design.md#Sound_Design)

----
## Sound Design Mods


| Name                                                                                                                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **AmbientSounds**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ambientsounds)                         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Atlas Project Sound Resources**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/atlas-sound-resources) | This mod is a modpack dev tool, and was created for the modpack of the same name. It simply registers custom OGG sound files into the game as a mod. This then allows you to play any of the sounds through the "/playsound" command                                                                                            |
| **Dynamic Surroundings**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-surroundings)              | You all know that mod. But i also want to show you this: [DS Tutorials](https://github.com/OreCruncher/DynamicSurroundings/tree/93040490bef8591a99c25aa154098a97ab271edd/rtd/source/tutorials "DS Tutorials"). It allows to configurate some things in DS. You can even make different fog density per every biome if you want. |
| **Extra Sounds Legacy**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/extra-sounds-legacy)             | UI sounds & more                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Music Triggers**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/music-triggers)                       | This mod will let you play music based on in game triggers                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

----
[Scroll Back](#Sound-Design-Mods)

Commit message:

Various fixes
This patch fixes various grammar and spelling errors throughout the list. No formatting has been touched, and effort was put in to maintain the original meaning of a sentence.

All md files in the root directory of the Lists folder have not been fixed yet, and only the first half of the game design file (up to "The 6 Game Design Branches") has been checked. None of the mod description files have been edited either (e.g bt.md, jed.md, etc).

Missing entries in the "suggested use" columns of the UnusualMods.md (in gameplay_system_design) have been filled in with some suggestions.

Added one new entry to the above file, listing Metamorph in the unusual mods file.
Added SurvivalInc as an entry to the "pack dev friendly mods" list.

lists/sound_design/sound_design_mods.md, after:

[Return to Sound Design](../sound_design.md#Sound_Design)

----
## Sound Design Mods


| Name                                                                                                                                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **AmbientSounds**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ambientsounds)                         | A full sound engine similar to Music Triggers, but for ambient sound effects. Allows setting up what sounds play, when they play, etc based on many conditions. Can be paired with Dynamic Surroundings for that mods visual effects by turning DS's biome sounds off and using your custom sounds with this one instead        |
| **Atlas Project Sound Resources**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/atlas-sound-resources) | A mod that simply registers custom OGG sound files into the game. This then allows you to play any of the sounds through the "/playsound" command, or any other method that can trigger sounds. You can also use a resourcepack to replace the sounds with your own                                                             |
| **Dynamic Surroundings**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dynamic-surroundings)              | You all know this mod. But I also want to show you this: [DS Tutorials](https://github.com/OreCruncher/DynamicSurroundings/tree/93040490bef8591a99c25aa154098a97ab271edd/rtd/source/tutorials "DS Tutorials"). It allows you to configure a lot of things in DS. You can even make different fog density per every biome if you want. |
| **Extra Sounds Legacy**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/extra-sounds-legacy)             | UI sounds & more                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Music Triggers**[![](/images/curseforge.png)](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/music-triggers)                       | This mod can play music based on in game triggers, allowing you to set up a full soundtrack for your pack                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

----
[Return To Title](#Sound-Design-Mods)
